Updating our workflow Chrome ExtensionWe maintain a Chrome Extension for creating workflow tasks based on web pages. The code for this extension can be found here: https://github.com/salsify/content-flow-chrome-extension .The repo linked above includes all the necessary steps for creating a new release. Once you have the zip file produced by the above steps, you should be able to follow these steps to actually update the extension: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/update.You can see the store listing for our extension here: https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/salsify-task-creation-ext/aplfmojmlgiplebdlkmjmiidbcjflflo. We updated this extension to Manifest V3, as required by Google, in Update Workflow Chrome Extension to Manifest V3.This page covers accessing our Salsify Developer account.First, navigate to https://chromewebstore.google.com/ , and use the three dots menu to select “Developer Dashboard”:If you haven’t registered before, you should just have to go through a simple registration process. Make sure you’re registering with your Salsify email! During the registration, you may be asked if you’re a “Trader Account”. I believe you can say you’re not a Trader, even though this is your work account, because you won’t actually be using your personal developer account for the extension.Next, ping Eric Brown (or anyone else who knows they’ve done this before) to be synced into ownership of the Salsify developer account. This group owns the workflow extension, and is based on the pim-core@salsify.com google group. Every current member (as of 6/12/24) of PIM Core is an Owner of this google group, and you must be an owner in the group in order to join the Salsify developer account.Once you have a developer account and can confirm you’re an owner of the google group, an existing user should be able to add you as a Group Publisher by clicking the “Sync” button shown below:Once your name shows up in the above list, you should have access to the Salsify publisher in the Developer Dashboard. Note: once you’ve done this, you should be able to add other developers going forward as necessary.From there, you should have access to the “Salsify Task Creation Extension”, from which you can follow all the normal Google Chrome Developer Documentation to update the extension and submit it for review.The remainder of the submission process is the same as is documented for all extensions, so that process is left to the official docs.